Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hello?
- Mr. Lin?
Your daughter's condition
is deteriorating.
How can that be?
She was fine earlier today.
She heals faster than usual.
However.... the leukemia
cells accumulated again...
so her condition has deteriorated.
But Xixi is strong-minded.
Before she went into the coma.
she told everyone you promised
to be there for her birthday.
Peter.
you must save her!
I'm on my way. Please do your best.
Move. move! Sorry!
- Hello?
- Officer Lin. we have a problem.
What do you mean?
Our witness protection
has been compromised.
We just lost contact with our men.
I'm afraid our witness has been exposed.
Witness Protection is Grade A.
What are you telling me?
What happened?
I'm not sure. but HQ has confirmed
the identity of the witness.
It's Dr. James. the reclusive
geneticist who recently defected.
For five years.
he's been secretly working for the biggest
arms dealer. researching biochemical weapons.
A week ago. his bio-roid went haywire
and killed everyone in the lab.
The arms dealer was brutally
killed and his assets seized.
Bio-roid? What research?
We don't know the details.
It's some kind of special force
exposed to nuclear radiation.
Let's go.
Xixi...
Go.
Come on. get in.
Take cover!
- Get back!
- Back!
Get back!
- Cover me.
- Okay.
Careful!
Susan. I'll distract them.
You go for the car!
Officer Lin!
- Get Dr. James out of here!
- What about you?
Just go! Protect the witness first.
- Okay.
- Flash bomb.
You. follow me.
- We've got to get to the car!
- Johnny. hang in there.
I'm okay.
- Susan. are you okay?
- Okay for now.
No!
Don't do that!
Go! Come on!
No! Doctor!
The doctor has been shot.
Requesting backup.
Repeat...
the doctor...
Requesting backup.
Papa. Papa.
Rick was a pervert.
Why was he obsessed with this girl?
Wow. that was a hell of a punch.
You're a credit to us Chinese.
And you know I helped. right?
Thank you.
Well. I have to go now.
I'm Leeson. What's your name?
Let's go!
Shut the door.
We've met before.
- Oh. it's you.
- What are you doing here?
- I followed you.
- Why'd you do that?
I was kidding. Hurry up!
So who are you?
- Are you a gangster?
- Excuse me?
You're always fighting.
Hey. wait!
Come on. relax. I was kidding.
Don't go.
Come on.
Let's go for dinner tonight.
I think you should change your pants.
Oh. yeah.
Well. yeah.
Whatever.
I'm warning you.
If you follow me again. then I'll...
I said I was kidding.
This was just a coincidence. all right?
Hey!
Not even a thank you for saving you?
You know what. lady?
You're just crazy!
Come on.
You followed me.
What the hell are you talking about?
I think you followed me.
And who just got you in. huh?
Whatever.
You can't... Not that way!
It's a maze in here. Where are you going?
What's your name?
Gangster.
Come on. You know I was kidding yesterday.
Yours?
Huh? Don't you remember?
It's Leeson.
- It's my stage name.
- Stolen?
It was not.
I found it
You sure don't look like a Salaami.
What are you after?
What are you looking for? Huh?
Just stay here. and no more fights.
Please just stay there. okay?
Salaami.
Look out!
Nancy's on the second floor.
Hey! Over here!
Mister. who are you to her?
Shut up.
Wow. nice place. Is it...
Hey.
- What the hell?
- Be quiet.
Let go of me.
- Go.
- Where?
- Down there.
- No way.
You trying to get rid of me?
Well. I won't go quietly.
What the hell is this place. huh?
Take it easy.
Who are you? What do you do for a living?
Do you really need to do that? Huh?
What the hell?
What was that thing anyhow?
It's a time bomb.
Tell me.
why have you been following Nancy?
You've got to be kidding.
You don't have to kill me to get my girl.
Hey. I can't help it
if I'm super charming.
You're not a student at the university.
The ladyboy at Rick's place. It was you.
Yes. it's true.
But what does any of this
have to do with Nancy?
All I did was get back
what was mine to begin with.
What belongs to you?
- What is it?
- Things that belong to the rich.
I'm like Robin Hood. okay?
It's stealing.
You're a lazy young boy.
You're just a thief.
Rick's a thief anyway. And he's a dick.
What does that have to do with Nancy?
When I was going through Rick's safe.
Nancy's library pass was in there.
I was curious about her.
And then she just captivated me.
And I fell... in love.
I've told you everything.
So would you please remove the bomb now?
Vitamin B.
Good for your health and hangovers.
Who has a hangover?
You think you fooled me?
I could tell it was you under that mask.
Don't walk away.
Who do you think you are. Spider-Man?
Until I check your identity.
you'll have to stay here.
Hey!
Let me out!
Officer Lin. the evidence you acquired proves
transactions between Rick and the witch.
For two years. the witch has been
selling Rick Nancy's therapy videos.
Clearly. Rick based his novel
off these recordings.
That's what I thought.
Oh. I just sent you a sound file...
Find out who this guy is.
Oh. hey.
How long are you gonna
keep me locked up here?
I have human rights. Huh?
I'll pee if you don't let me go.
Okay. you asked for it.
Can you give me
water and food. please?
I'm so dehydrated. I can't even pee.
Hello? Nancy's gone.
She just got on a plane to Xingan.
I think it's happening now.
I'm going to look for her.
I'll call you from the airport.
What happened? Release me.
Look. I can help you.
Whatever your game is. stay away from her.
This is more serious than you know.
- I want to protect her.
- She doesn't need you.
Here's the key. This door will open
automatically tomorrow.
There's food and drink in the room.
You won't starve.
That's dog food. There.
Train your arms.
Hey!
This is an illegal detention.
Don't go!
Earthquake?
Officer Lin...
your new identity.
The old files...
state you and Xixi died.
And Dr. James's body...
we had it taken care of.
He managed to save Xixi
with a mechanical heart and
bio-engineered blood that Andre
tried to steal before he died.
Inside Xixi's body are the
bio-engineered genes of Dr. James.
So far. no sign of rejection.
The bio-engineered blood in
Xixi's body is super regenerative.
However. when she wakes up...
her old memories will be gone.
Memories of you.
Was the thing I blew up the bio-roid?
Yeah.
He was an experimental subject.
Dr. James called him Andre.
His body wasn't recovered at the scene.
We're still searching.
Susan...
Yes. sir.
Can you do me a favor?
Of course.
Take her to an orphanage in Australia.
to Director Isabella.
Andre will definitely come back.
I don't want Xixi to be involved.
As long as she lives.
I will protect her as a stranger.
As her father.
her safety is all I ask for.
Officer Lin.
if Xixi's memories are coming back.
are they hers or are they Dr. James's?
That's what I worry about.
Oh. yeah. what about the guy
I asked you to check out?
His name is Leeson.
He lives in Sydney.
In 2011. he traveled to Korea.
the US. and Japan.
Then he returned to Sydney.
He has no work records.
no family we could find.
He was arrested for theft a year ago
and was released due to lack of evidence.
What did he steal?
We don't know. His file is classified.
We are still communicating
with Australian police.
He's not a normal thief.
No. We don't think so either.
Oh. we're losing Xixi's signal.
I think we should separate.
Okay. That's a good idea.
I'll go back to headquarters.
We will do everything we can
to have your identity restored.
If I can find Xixi. I just want to
have a beautiful life with her.
See you.
Hey...
Good luck. Officer.
Papa. you've been with me all along.
Xixi!
It worked! Oh. my God.
Hey. that was the wrong car.
How did you get out?
A fitness machine is no match for me.
If you're that good. help me to find them.
Pay attention. I am helping.
We just need this
Hang on.
There.
Good job. Go back to Sydney.
What? You're not very polite.
- Go on. then.
- Hello? They've got Nancy.
I'm sending you a location.
- Got it.
- Okay.
Honey. look.
Aliens from space.
Let's roll!
Turn here.
- Susan?
- Get in.
That's pretty good.
I don't want to see more people get hurt.
Our intel told us
they would hit this vault.
And we know their suits
are susceptible to gas.
What's this?
This is all that we found in the safe.
- Nothing else.
- Just a camera.
Okay. Thank you.
If Andre got his hands on the lab records.
he can make an army of bio-roids.
Oh... That's horrifying.
We can't let Andre get this.
According to our intel.
Andre had a secret deal
with a prominent arms dealer.
I bet this is what they
were working on together.
This is the only thing we have
we can trade for Nancy.
No matter what. he won't release Nancy.
Officer Lin.
if Andre was hurt 13 years ago.
then what he needs is a procedure.
That means that what he needs more than
anything is Nancy's blood to save himself.
The two things he needs
are Nancy and that camera.
While we have the camera.
Nancy should be safe.
We don't have much time.
We have to find Andre.
I have an idea.
- The camera.
- Oh.
Take this camera straight to headquarters.
What's that?
- Quiet down.
- Hmm.
Second floor.
Let's go.
How do we open this?
How do we get in?
Get back!
Fuck you!
It's me! It's me!
I was trying to help.
but my gun was out of power.
On three. we attack.
Hey! I haven't even counted!
Come and help me!
Okay.
Officer Lin! Are you okay?
- Let's go!
- It's gonna explode! Run!
Run! Hurry!
Leeson!
Go! Go. hurry!
It's going to crash!
Get the parachutes!
- Okay
- Hurry!
Papa.
Papa's fine.
Don't worry.
Susan! Strap her in!
Don't ever leave me again.
Get her out of here!
Papa. Papa. When I get well.
will you take me on the merry-go-round?
Papa! Papa!
Susan. do something. Save him.
Pull the black handle
on your left when I say.
Okay.
NOW!
Papa!
Xixi!
Papa's fine. It's okay.
- Sir. the lab records are missing.
- What? The camera's missing.
Hi!
- I'm dizzy.
- Papa. let's try that one.
- Which one?
- Over there.
- That one.
- No. no. no. my heart can't.
- Please.
- Xixi. I'll go. I like that one.
All right.
You go sit down over there.
I'm gonna get some ice cream.
- Oh. I want chocolate.
- Okay.
- I need to sit down.
- Right here.
I was shooting like this...
I knew you'd be dizzy.
It's just like a dream. Pinch me.
I won't do that. You'll wake up.
You've been waiting for this for 13 years.
I'm happy for you.
Officer Lin. headquarters just called.
We know Leeson's true identity.
His real name is Choi Kyung-ho.
His father was the arms dealer
killed 13 years ago by Andre.
So his real motivation was to get revenge
and take back his family assets.
All I did was get back
what was mine to begin with.
When his family was killed.
he was traveling abroad.
So he survived.
Coincidentally. he and Xixi grew
up together in the orphanage.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm